# VisIt Python Manual (Sphinx edition)

Welcome to the home of VisIt's Sphinx python manual. 

### Structure
This manual is comprised of many restructuredText files (.rst), some of which can be edited directly when changes are needed and others of which are generated through a python script named "sphinx\_extractor.py". 
**IMPORTANT**: the scripts that are generated by the sphinx\_extractor must NOT be edited by hand. 

**restructredText files that can be edited by hand**
1. index.rst 
2. intro.rst
3. python.rst
4. quickrecipes.rst
5. acknowledgments.rst

**restructredText files that must NOT be edited by hand**
1. attributes.rst
2. events.rst
3. functions.rst


Information about attributes, events, and functions are pulled directly from VisIt and must be updated through VisIt. 

### Generating 
**IMPORTANT**: before running the generation script, you need to check that the visit path is set up appropriately. To do so, open sphinx\_extractor.py, and look for the following flag near the top of the file:

    ###
    ### SET UP SCRIPT SO IT CAN RUN ON YOUR MACHINE.  THIS WILL CHANGE FROM PLATFORM TO PLATFORM
    ### AND RELEASE TO RELEASE
    ###
    sys.path.insert(0, <path>)

You may need to insert the appropriate path if the current one does not exist on your machine. The path should point to VisIt's library site-packages. 

To generate attributes, events, and functions, simply run the sphinx\_extractor script with your VisIt src/bin directory as an argument like so:

    python sphinx_extractor.py path/to/visit/src/bin

Once done, the appropriate files will be updated or written if neccessary. 
